You're such a fickle woman.
People underestimate you, what are you crazy about?
Apologize to me.
Stop pretending to be stupid here
Don't think you're looking for a man to back you up
I will bite you
I'd like to see what you want
Who are you?
My lesson is now that your mother has your share of interrupting
I am Mr. Lu
Assistant, what was I then?
Your little assistant also learns from others to save beauty heroically
The planning department wants to re-select the director
Everyone limits ratings
That's impossible.
Is it your fault?
Want to protect your position?
Speak with strength instead of doubting me
Fox spirit, let's see
He has a lot of men
Don't be deceived then.
I didn't remind you
What he said is not to be believed.
Right? It's really just you, but
You are the president
You can't just appoint the director of the planning department
Mom, don't introduce it yet.
OK
It's the board's decision.
What did I do that wasn't good enough?
No, definitely not.
Anyone who has a problem with you
Get rid of him
OK
Must be wasted